All right, let's work on the delete function that is as.
So we have the dated function.
It's work here.
First of all, we ask them to conform because sometimes they might click on the button by mistake.
All right.
And then so what we do here is we make a request to go.
Data includes a rate excuse.
Don't
need to make a request.
We need to send the comment idea which we get here.
So click we give this as an argument to this function so we we have access to this common to we send
the idea and then we get the response against data that okay if remember we're sending the okay to if
it is deleted.
So it's not cost if it's if data.
Okay, then we want to filter the comments are in the state and we want to remove this one that has
been deleted
if data.
Okay.
Sorry, this should be parentheses.
So again, use the filter function and this time we filter filter out everything else except the one
that is deleted.
So we take if the comments that we have in the stood, if that's added, does not match with this deleted
commentary that went all those items we want to filter out and just put in the common state.
So this will exclude the deleted comment.
All right.
And then maybe you want to sort of notification measure success
comment deleted successfully and you also want to update this talking point.
So I think that will.
That should get updated once the comments changes.
So I think we can do it like that.
Otherwise we could use Citadel or actually we have to do that totally.
Whatever totally we have plans for this is for the preservation, so for the residence.
And you can see we saw the normal button based on how many we have, how many comments we have in the
database.
Right.
So when we delete one item, one comment is down.
So the total also we want to update that this is for the pagination.
Okay.
So we have 42 comments so far.
We have few comments.
Let's try deleting one, get one.
We get 41.
Delete 40.
Awesome.
Great.
So this works.
We have all this.
The Common Management System for admin.
Now we want something similar for other users as well.
So subscriber and the regular user.
However, it will be a little different because you can see here for the admin we are showing, we are
fitting all the comments but for other users we should face only their comments if they have a left
and comments which should fit only their comments and then those comments they can update and do so.
It will be a little bit different, but we can pretty much reuse of this group.
So let's go ahead implement that for other users as well.